content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Kushal Kedia

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Final-Year Undergraduate

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: IIT Kharagpur
  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include motion planning, multi-agent systems and machine learning 

interests:
- Motion Planning 
- Multi-Robot Systems 
- Artificial Intelligence


education:
  courses:
  - course: B.Tech in Electronics 
    institution: Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur
    year: 2018 - 2022

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:kushal.k.2000@gmail.com'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/kushalk_
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kushal-kedia/
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/kushal2000
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: "kushal.k.2000@gmail.com"

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: false

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
# user_groups:
# - Researchers
# - Visitors
---

Hi! I am Kushal Kedia, a final-year undergraduate student at the Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering at IIT Kharagpur. I am interested in robotics and motion planning. Since the summer, I have been working on integrating machine learning for efficient kinodynamic planning under [Prof. Kostas Bekris](https://robotics.cs.rutgers.edu/pracsys/members/kostas-bekris/) at Rutgers University. Apart from this, I am developing optimal algorithms for Multi-Agent Path Finding in my undergraduate thesis.

I am also an active member of the Kharagpur Robosoccer Students' Group and the Technology Robotix Society on campus, which are focal points for student-led activities and projects related to robotics. [[Resume]](files/cv.pdf)

Commit message:

Update details second year PhD

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: 

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: PhD Student

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: Cornell University
  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: 

interests:
- Robot Learning
- Human-Robot Interaction
- Motion Planning


education:
  courses:
  - course: Ph.D. in Computer Science
    institution: Cornell University
    year: 2022-
  - course: B.Tech in Electronics 
    institution: Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur
    year: 2018-2022

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:kk837@cornell.edu'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/kushalk_
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kushal-kedia/
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/kushal2000
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: "kk837@cornell.edu"

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
# user_groups:
# - Researchers
# - Visitors
---

I am a second-year Computer Science Ph.D. student in the [People and Robot Teaching and Learning (PoRTaL) group](https://portal.cs.cornell.edu/) at Cornell University. I received my B.Tech. in Electronics from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Kharagpur in 2022.

My research interests lie in the intersection of robotics, machine learning, and human-robot interaction. I am currently working with [Prof. Sanjiban Choudhury](https://www.sanjibanchoudhury.com/) on human motion forecasting for collaborative manipulation.

In my previous work, I have integrated machine learning to increase the efficiency of classical kinodynamic planning algorithms with [Prof. Kostas Bekris](https://robotics.cs.rutgers.edu/pracsys/members/kostas-bekris/), developed optimal algorithms for multi-agent path finding in my undergraduate thesis, and worked on large multilingual language models at [Microsoft Research Lab India](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/lab/microsoft-research-india/).

During my undergraduate studies, I was an active member of the Kharagpur Robosoccer Students' Group and the Technology Robotix Society, focal points for student-led activities and projects related to robotics. [[Resume]](files/cv.pdf)
